Neha ji, Anil ji, I
want to choose a stock from the insurance sector for pick of the day,
ICICI LBA, ICICI ji 2025 2030
closing is yesterday, in the last 7-8 days
we had seen that the stock is definitely consolidating
between 1980 and 2030, but the
upmove before this was a back result, its
results were very good and
after that the stock had given a breakout 10
sessions ago and now I feel that
after the breakout the stock was consolidating and its
weekly and monthly charts are quite strong.
So, the consolidation after the breakout on the daily
and the strength shown by the long time frame charts,
I feel that this
stock can be bought from here,
stop loss of 1990, target of 2100 and also
what is happening gradually, if we see, a
good reversal has been seen in many stocks of the insurance space, HDFC L, Max.
I feel that some momentum may
return in this space and
in the financial services space, this was one space
which was underperforming a bit and now
I feel that here too we are going to see a catch-up
play, so fundamentally and
technically I feel that the best stock in that is
ICICI LMA, come now, this is ICICI LMR.